Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/winforms-pivotgrid-save-restore-state-and-layout: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E20014)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Pivot Grid for WinForms - How to Save and Restore the Pivot Grid Layout

> This example demonstrates how to restore the Pivot Grid layout and rows/columns state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to restore the Pivot Grid layout and row/column state.

```

![screenshot](./images/screenshot.png)

The **Save** button uses the [PivotGridControl.SaveLayoutToStream](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.SaveLayoutToStream.overloads) and [PivotGridControl.SaveCollapsedStateToStream](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.SaveCollapsedStateToStream(System.IO.Stream)) methods to save the layout and field values' collapsed state to memory streams.

> The **Load** button uses the [PivotGridControl.RestoreLayoutFromStream ](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.RestoreLayoutFromStream.overloads) and [PivotGridControl.LoadCollapsedStateFromStream](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.LoadCollapsedStateFromStream(System.IO.Stream)) methods to restore the saved layout and columns/rows state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Load** button uses the [PivotGridControl.RestoreLayoutFromStream ](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.RestoreLayoutFromStream.overloads) and [PivotGridControl.LoadCollapsedStateFromStream](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.LoadCollapsedStateFromStream(System.IO.Stream)) methods to restore the saved layout and column/row state.
```
